campus of Riverside High School this is
Paul Doherty along with Brian pate Brian
thanks for joining us tonight we're
looking forward to an outstanding
ballgame should be a great football game
tonight we've got beautiful weather
fields in good condition even with all
the weather problems that we've had
recently so we're looking forward to
some great football tonight can't wait
for it you know speaking of great
football garner and and Riverside in an
outstanding matchup last year in the
playoffs Riverside the team that beat
goner twice garner 11 and 2 on the year
an outstanding year I think they're
looking for a revenge
let's see if Riverside can maintain
their home field and and get a win here
against garner get their season kicked
off we're looking forward to a great
matchup we'll be right back with the
keys to the game and the kickoff of
tonight's exciting matchup to your wave
4s Rolesville taking it to them getting
the shutout Riverside with eight
turnovers well and I don't think that's
an indication in any shape or form of
Riverside having too much trouble yet
but I think Mike Wake Forest's may have
one of the football teams to beat there
they're ranked in the top two or three
depending on who's whose rankings you
look at there they've really got a
program over there that's beginning to
really come to fruition it's going to be
interesting to see they're gonna make
some noise in the cap seven again this
year after a great season last year so
cap sevens gonna be real interesting
this year because leaves will road knock
off a very good carry team but I got to
see playing in a jam Burt and Jonathan
Stephenson coming in not a starter
tonight for the defense so a big play by
Stephenson as the punt
will roll towards the end zone and it
will be stopped just short of the goal
line but I think his momentum carried
him in let's see as the official
standing right at the goal line looks
like he's gonna spot that Justin just
inside the 1 now Brian you're an expert
in this sort of officiating what's the
situation there in high school football
here in North Carolina wherever the ball
is first touched that's where it's going
to be position
you saw in college football and in pro
football the momentum takes you on into
the in Sun then it's a touchback but in
high school football here in North
Carolina
wherever the balls touch that's where
it's down so that's a prime example of
what you've put you just seen so
Garner's inside the one-yard line here
you know Riverside may be looking for an
opportunity to put their ears back and
go go get a safety here well if there
was ever a time to do it now is the time
and Robert Warren mobile television
productions present the Time Warner
Cable high school football game of the
week tonight's matchup the Charlotte
Catholic Cougars taking on the Cardinals
from Phillip O'Berry Academy tonight's
game brought to you by Time Warner Cable
the power of you from Jim
odo Field on the campus of Charlotte
Catholic High School on senior night
this is Paul Doherty along with Brian
pate Brian two very different teams two
very different programs of course
Charlotte Catholic a fixture here in the
Charlotte area and head coach Jim odo a
coach here for over 30 seasons Philip
O'Berry but just coming into existence
five years ago only had a football
program in the last four seasons what do
you expect to see tonight tonight's
gonna be a very interesting football
game because we have a team that has
everything to play for versus a team
that has nothing but pride to play for
Berry's coming in here with a two and
eight record and they are not gonna make
the state playoffs even with the wind
tonight
whereas Charlotte Catholic could be
really affected with a mistake and a
loss here if they stumble tonight it
could cost them quite a bit
including home-field advantage in the 3a
playoffs so we want to make sure that
Charlotte Catholics gonna try to keep it
in hold hold serve here and Barry's
gonna try to be the first team in the
history of the conference to actually
win a game against Charlotte Catholic
we've got a great football game on tap
tonight
that's right Charlotte Catholic a team
undefeated in 2004 undefeated in 2005
two state championships and of course
they were their runners-up last year in
the state 3wh championships will they
hold on to this home-field advantage
through the playoffs and get this win
and keep their record in the Queen City
3a 4a unblemished we'll find out right
after these words when we come back with
the keys to the game and tonight's
kickoff
back everybody as we wrap things up
along with Brian pate this is Paul
Doherty a Charlotte Catholic winning in
style here to end a conference season
Brian it's been great having you along
with me on this one
once again I had a great time Charlotte
Catholic looks good it'll be interesting
to watch the playoffs I can't wait to
see them start well of course we plan on
carrying games throughout the Western of
playoffs and of course the state
championships will be available on News
14 live the 4a and for double a rather
state championship and of course the
playoffs will be available on on to man
one two three four well for Brian pate
this is Paul Doherty saying good night
the final score here at Charlotte
Catholic High School 44 to 12 over PA vo
barring Academy another terrific edition
of the Time Warner Cable High School
football game of the week this has been
a presentation of Time Warner Cable Time
Warner Cable the power of you